Cash flows used in investing activities in fiscal 2018 were $15.1 million. This is primarily attributed to $8.9 million in development of proprietary software and $6.1 million for purchase of property and equipment, including internal use software.

Cash flows used in investing activities in fiscal 2017 were $13.9 million. This is primarily attributed to $11.9 million in development of proprietary software and $4.2 million for purchase of property and equipment, including internal use software of fset by $2.2 million in proceeds from corporate owned life insurance policies.

Cash flow used in financing activities. Respectively, in fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017, the $0.8 million, $1.3 million, and $0.8 million cash flows used in financing activities were primarily comprised of the repurchase of shares to satisfy employee tax withholding and to cover the exercise price of the options, and payments on capital lease obligations.

## Investments

## Investments in Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies

Agilysys invests in corporate-owned life insurance policies for certain former executives, for which some are endorsement split-dollar life insurance arrangements. We entered into non-cancelable agreements with each of the former executives, whereby we must maintain the life insurance policy for a specified amount and split a portion of the policy benefits with their designated beneficiary . Our investment in these corporate-owned life insurance policies were recorded at their cash surrender value, which approximates fair value at the balance sheet date. In the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the balance sheet date, the cash surrender value of $0.9 million for the remaining policies were held in "Other non-current assets," and the present value of future proceeds owed to those executives' designated beneficiary of $0.1 million, which approximates fair value, were recorded within "Other non-current liabilities" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the balance sheet date.

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future ef fect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity , capital expenditures, or capital resources.

## Contractual Obligations

The following table provides aggregate information regarding our contractual obligations as of March 31, 2019.

Table of Contents

| (In thousands)                    | Total    | 2020    | 2021-2022   | 2023-2024   | Thereafter   |
|-----------------------------------|----------|---------|-------------|-------------|--------------|
| Operating leases (1)              | $ 19,437 | $ 4,143 | $ 7,111     | $ 3,686     | $ 4,497      |
| Capital leases                    | 65       | 27      | 38          | -           | -            |
| Asset retirement obligation       | 400      | -       | 150         | 250         |              |
| Total contractual obligations (2) | $ 19,902 | $ 4,170 | $ 7,299     | $ 3,936     | $ 4,497      |

We believe that cash on hand, funds from operations, and access to capital markets will provide adequate funds to finance capital spending and working capital needs and to service our obligations and other commitments arising during the foreseeable future.