## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We do not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, including entities sometimes referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities that were established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We do not engage in off-balance sheet financing arrangements. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts.

## Debt Obligations

On October 6, 2017, we entered into a $125.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility, or the 2017 Facility, with SVB, as administrative agent, PNC Bank, National Association, as documentation agent, and a syndicate of lenders. Upon entry into the 2017 Facility, we borrowed $72.0 million, which was used to repay the previously outstanding balance under our previous credit facility. The 2017 Facility matures in October 2022 and includes an option to further increase the borrowing capacity to $175.0 million with the consent of the lenders. Costs incurred in connection with the 2017 Facility were capitalized and are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the 2017 Facility. The 2017 Facility is secured by substantially all of our assets, including our intellectual property. During each of the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, we repaid $4.0 million of the outstanding balance of the 2017 Facility.

The outstanding principal balance on the 2017 Facility accrues interest at a rate equal to, at our option, either (1) LIBOR, plus an applicable margin based on our consolidated leverage ratio, or (2) the highest of (a) the Wall Street Journal prime rate, (b) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50%, or (c) LIBOR plus 1.00% plus an applicable margin based on our consolidated leverage ratio. For the year ended December 31, 2019, we elected for the outstanding principal balance to accrue interest at LIBOR plus 1.50%, LIBOR plus 1.75%, LIBOR plus 2.00%, and LIBOR plus 2.50% when our consolidated leverage ratio is less than 1.00:1.00, greater than or equal to 1.00:1.00 but less than 2.00:1.00, greater than or equal to 2.00:1.00 but less than 3.00:1.00 and greater than or equal to 3.00:1.00, respectively. The 2017 Facility also carries an unused line commitment fee of 0.20%. For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, the effective interest rate on the credit facilities was 4.45%, 4.13% and 4.16%, respectively.

The carrying value of the 2017 Facility was $63.0 million and $67.0 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The 2017 Facility includes a variable interest rate that approximates market rates and, as such, we classified the liability as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and determined that the carrying amount of the 2017 Facility approximated its fair value as of December 31, 2019 and 2018. The 2017 Facility contains various financial and other covenants that require us to maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio not to exceed 3.25:1.00 and a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25:1.00. As of December 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all financial and non-financial covenants and there were no events of default. The 2017 Facility also contains customary conditions to borrowings and events of default and contains various negative covenants, including covenants that restrict our ability to dispose of assets, merge with or acquire other entities, incur indebtedness, incur encumbrances, make certain payments including dividends, make investments or engage in transactions with affiliates without approval of the lenders.

On November 30, 2018, we amended the 2017 Facility to incorporate the parameters that must be met for us to repurchase our outstanding common stock under the stock repurchase program authorized by our board of directors on November 29, 2018.

## Non-GAAP Measures

We define Adjusted EBITDA as our net income before interest expense, interest income, other income, net, provision for / (benefit from) income taxes, amortization and depreciation, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related expense and legal costs and settlement fees incurred in connection with non-ordinary course litigation and other disputes, particularly costs involved in ongoing intellectual property litigation. We do not consider these items to be indicative of our core operating performance. The non-cash items include amortization and depreciation expense, stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and other forms of equity compensation, including, but not limited to, the sale of common stock. We do not adjust for ordinary course legal expenses resulting from maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property portfolio and license agreements. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. See the table below for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.

We have included Adjusted EBITDA in this report because it is a key measure that our management uses to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to generate future operating plans, to make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital and to make investments in initiatives that are focused on cultivating new markets for our solutions. We also use certain non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted EBITDA, as performance measures under our executive bonus plan. Further, we believe the exclusion of certain expenses in calculating Adjusted EBITDA facilitates comparisons of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis and, in the case of exclusion of acquisition-related expense and certain historical legal expenses, excludes items that we do not consider to be indicative of our core operating performance. Accordingly,

we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors.

Our use of Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: (a) although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; (b) Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (c) Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the potentially dilutive impact of equity-based compensation; (d) Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; and (e) other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure.

Because of these and other limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA alongside our other GAAP-based financial performance measures, net income and our other GAAP financial results. The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated (in thousands):

|                                                         | Year Ended December 31,   | Year Ended December 31,   | Year Ended December 31,   |
|---------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|---------------------------|---------------------------|
|                                                         | 2019                      | 2018                      | 2017                      |
| Adjusted EBITDA:                                        |                           |                           |                           |
| Net income                                              | $ 53,330                  | $ 21,524                  | $ 29,251                  |
| Adjustments:                                            |                           |                           |                           |
| Interest expense, interest income and other income, net | (8,483)                   | 503                       | 1,133                     |
| Provision for / (benefit from) income taxes             | 5,566                     | (9,825)                   | 2,990                     |
| Amortization and depreciation expense                   | 22,134                    | 21,721                    | 17,734                    |
| Stock-based compensation expense                        | 20,603                    | 13,429                    | 7,413                     |
| Acquisition-related expense                             | 2,403                     | -                         | 5,895                     |
| Litigation expense                                      | 12,754                    | 45,729                    | 7,212                     |
| Total adjustments                                       | 54,977                    | 71,557                    | 42,377                    |
| Adjusted EBITDA                                         | $ 108,307                 | $ 93,081                  | $ 71,628                  |

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates, as well as to a lesser extent, foreign exchange rates and inflation.

## Interest Rate Risk

We are primarily exposed to changes in short-term interest rates with respect to our cost of borrowing under our 2017 Facility with SVB. We monitor our cost of borrowing under our various facilities, taking into account our funding requirements, and our expectation for short-term rates in the future. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, an increase or decrease in the interest rate on our 2017 Facility with SVB by 100 basis points would increase or decrease our annual interest expense by approximately $0.6 million and $0.7 million, respectively.

## Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

Because substantially all of our revenue and operating expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars, we do not believe that our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk is material to our business, financial condition or results of operations. If a significant portion of our revenue and operating expenses becomes denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, we may not be able to effectively manage this risk, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by translation and by transactional foreign currency conversions.

## Inflation Risk

We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.