Revenue from Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. was 12% of total revenue for 2019. Revenue from Kingston Technology Company, Inc. was 11% of total revenue for 2019 and 10% of total revenue for 2018 and 2017. No other customer exceeded 10% of our total revenue. Our sales to Huawei were included in our MBU, CNBU, SBU, and EBU segments and our sales to Kingston were included in our CNBU, MBU, and SBU segments.

We generally have multiple sources of supply for our raw materials and production equipment; however , only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain raw materials and production equipment that meet our standards and, in some cases, materials or production equipment are provided by a single supplier .

Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, fixed-rate debt securities, trade receivables, share repurchase, capped call, and derivative contracts. We invest through high-credit-quality financial institutions and, by policy , generally limit the concentration of credit exposure by restricting investments with any single obligor and monitoring credit risk of bank counterparties on an ongoing basis. A concentration of credit risk may exist with respect to receivables of certain customers. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of customers worldwide and generally do not require collateral from our customers. Historically , we have not experienced material losses on receivables. A concentration of risk may also exist with respect to our foreign currency hedges as the number of counterparties to our hedges is limited and the notional amounts are relatively lar ge. We seek to mitigate such risk by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions and through entering into master netting arrangements. Capped call agreements expose us to credit risk to the extent the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreements. We seek to mitigate such risk by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions and by spreading the risk across several major financial institutions. In addition, the potential risk of loss with any one counterparty resulting from this type of credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis.

## Geographic Information

Revenue based on the geographic location of our customer's headquarters was as follows:

| For the year ended                   | 2019     | 2018     | 2017     |
|--------------------------------------|----------|----------|----------|
| United States                        | $ 12,451 | $ 17,116 | $ 11,359 |
| Mainland China (excluding Hong Kong) | 3,595    | 3,607    | 1,539    |
| Taiwan                               | 2,703    | 3,918    | 2,892    |
| Hong Kong                            | 1,614    | 1,761    | 1,429    |
| Other Asia Pacific                   | 1,032    | 1,458    | 1,078    |
| Japan                                | 958      | 1,265    | 1,042    |
| Other                                | 1,053    | 1,266    | 983      |
|                                      | $ 23,406 | $ 30,391 | $ 20,322 |

We ship our products to locations specified by our customers and, as a result, customers may have headquarters in one location with global supply chain and operations in other locations. Our customers may request we deliver products to countries where they own or operate production facilities or to countries where they utilize third-party subcontractors or warehouses. Based on the ship-to locations specified by our customers, revenue from sales into China (including Hong Kong) accounted for 53%, 57%, and 51% of total revenue in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively; revenue from sales into Taiwan accounted for 13%, 9%, and 13% of total revenue in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively; and revenue from sales into the United States accounted for 11%, 12%, and 14% of total revenue in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively .

Net property, plant, and equipment by geographic area was as follows:

| As of         | 2019     | 2018     |
|---------------|----------|----------|
| Taiwan        | $ 9,397  | $ 7,640  |
| Singapore     | 7,986    | 6,933    |
| Japan         | 5,202    | 3,451    |
| United States | 5,048    | 5,113    |
| China         | 370      | 398      |
| Other         | 237      | 137      |
|               | $ 28,240 | $ 23,672 |