- · Cash flow from continuing operating activities increased primarily due to a one-time tax payment of $887 million related to the gain on sale from the divestiture of our Veritas information management business in fiscal 2017 and an increase in deferred revenue.
- · Deferred revenue increased $316 million primarily due to our shift in sales contracts to a higher mix of solutions subject to ratable versus point in time revenue recognition and longer contract duration in our Enterprise Security segment, which resulted in less in-period revenue recognized, and due to higher billings towards the end of the fiscal year, reflecting seasonal sales cycles in that segment. These factors were partially offset by a decrease of $319 million in deferred revenue as a result of the divestiture of our WSS and PKI solutions.

## Segment operating results

## Enterprise Security segment

|                                       | Fiscal Year   | Fiscal Year   | Variance in   | Variance in   |
|---------------------------------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|
| (In millions, except for percentages) | 2018          | 2017          | Dollars       | Percent       |
| Net revenues                          | $2,554        | $2,355        | $ 199         | 8%            |
| Percentage of total net revenues      | 53%           | 59%           |               |               |
| Operating income                      | $ 473         | $ 187         | $ 286         | 153%          |
| Operating margin                      | 19%           | 8%            |               |               |

Revenue increased $199 million primarily due to increases of $331 million in revenue from sales of our network and web security solutions and $36 million from sales of endpoint and information protection solutions, partially offset by a $184 million decrease in revenue as a result of the divestiture of our WSS and PKI solutions. Revenue during fiscal 2018 was also unfavorably affected by a shift in the mix of sales towards subscription and cloud-delivered solutions subject to ratable revenue recognition, which resulted in less in-period recognized revenue and more revenue deferred to the balance sheet as compared to fiscal 2017. Operating income increased $286 million primarily due to higher revenue discussed above, a $51 million decrease in sales and marketing expenses and a $38 million decrease in cost of revenues.

## Consumer Cyber Safety segment

|                                       | Fiscal Year   | Fiscal Year   | Variance in   | Variance in   |
|---------------------------------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|
| (In millions, except for percentages) | 2018          | 2017          | Dollars       | Percent       |
| Net revenues                          | $2,280        | $1,664        | $ 616         | 37%           |
| Percentage of total net revenues      | 47%           | 41%           |               |               |
| Operating income                      | $1,111        | $ 839         | $ 272         | 32%           |
| Operating margin                      | 49%           | 50%           |               |               |

Revenue increased $616 million due to a $639 million increase in revenue from sales of our identity and information protection products acquired at the end of fiscal 2017, offset by a $23 million decrease in revenue related to our consumer security products. Our revenue growth reflects the benefit of the shift to subscription-based contracts and bundling of our consumer products, which is helping to mitigate the trend of declining revenues from sales of stand-alone security products. Operating income increased $272 million primarily due to sales of our identity and information protection products, partially offset by higher related cost of sales and operating expenses.