As at December 31, 2019, the Company held $133 million of U.S. Treasury Bonds, all transferred to a financial institution with high credit quality. These transactions were concluded in compliance with the Company's policy to optimize the return on its short-term interest rate investments, always placed with institutions with high credit rating. The Company, acting as the securities lender, does not hold any collateral on the unsecured securities lending transactions. The Company retains effective control on the transferred securities. U.S. Treasury Bonds totaling $200 million matured in 2019. The amount was reported as proceeds from matured marketable securities in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2019.

The debt securities had an average rating of Aaa/AA+/AAA from Moody's, S&P and Fitch, respectively, with a weighted average maturity of 1.5 years. The debt securities were reported as current assets on the line "Marketable Securities" on the consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2019, since they represented investments of funds available for current operations. The bonds were classified as available-for-sale and recorded at fair value as at December 31, 2019. This fair value measurement corresponds to a Level 1 fair value hierarchy measurement. The aggregate amortized cost basis of these securities totaled $132 million as at December 31, 2019.

## 4. TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET

Trade accounts receivable, net consisted of the following:

Table of Contents

|                                 | December 31,  2019   | December 31,  2018   |
|---------------------------------|----------------------|----------------------|
| Trade accounts receivable       | 1,396                | 1,292                |
| Allowance for doubtful accounts | (16 )                | (15 )                |
| Total                           | 1,380                | 1,277                |

There was no material bad debt expense in 2019, 2018 and 2017. In 2019, 2018 and 2017, the Company's largest customer, Apple represented 17.6%, 13.1% and 10.5% of consolidated net revenues, respectively, reported in the ADG, AMS and MDG segments.

In 2019, $75 million of trade accounts receivable were sold without recourse (nil in 2018).

## 5. INVENTORIES

Inventories consisted of the following:

|                   | December 31,  2019   | December 31,  2018   |
|-------------------|----------------------|----------------------|
| Raw materials     | 137                  | 132                  |
| Work-in-process   | 1,104                | 1,005                |
| Finished products | 450                  | 425                  |
| Total             | 1,691                | 1,562                |

Reserve for obsolescence is estimated for excess uncommitted inventories based on the previous quarter's sales, backlog of orders and production plans.