## Foreign Currency Translation and Transaction Gains and Losses

The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the applicable local currency, the Swedish Krona, the Japanese Yen, the South Korean Won and the Taiwan Dollar. The translation from Swedish Krona, Japanese Yen, South Korean Won or the Taiwan Dollar to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using current exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for income statement accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. Gains or (losses) resulting from translation are included as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Gains or (losses) resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and were $105,000 and $(58,000) during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Foreign currency translation (losses) were $(183,000) and $(357,000) during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

## Net Loss per Share

Net loss per share amounts have been computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018.

All shares of common stock and potential common stock equivalents in the calculations used to determine weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding have been adjusted to reflect the effects of the reverse stock split for all periods presented. Net loss per share, assuming dilution amounts from common stock equivalents, is computed based on the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and potential common stock equivalents outstanding during the period. The weighted-average number of shares of common stock and potential common stock equivalents used in computing the net loss per share for years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 exclude the potential common stock equivalents, as the effect would be anti-dilutive.

## Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Our other comprehensive income (loss) includes foreign currency translation gains and losses. The cumulative amount of translation gains and losses are reflected as a separate component of stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets as accumulated other comprehensive loss.

## Cash Flow Information

Cash flows in foreign currencies have been converted to U.S. Dollars at an approximate weighted-average exchange rate for the respective reporting periods. The weighted-average exchange rates for the consolidated statements of operations were as follows:

|                  | Years ended December 31,   | Years ended December 31,   |
|------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|
|                  | 2019                       | 2018                       |
| Swedish Krona    | 9.46                       | 8.70                       |
| Japanese Yen     | 109.01                     | 110.43                     |
| South Korean Won | 1,165.70                   | 1,100.50                   |
| Taiwan Dollar    | 30.90                      | 30.15                      |