## Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

## Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

## Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered by Brightman Almagor Zohar & Co., a Firm in the Deloitte Global Network ("Deloitte") for the audit of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 and fees billed for other services rendered by Deloitte during those periods.

|                    | December 31,   | December 31,   |
|--------------------|----------------|----------------|
|                    | 2018           | 2019           |
| Audit Fees (1)     | $ 58,000       | $ 55,000       |
| Audit-Related Fees | $ -            | $ -            |
| Tax Fees (2)       | $ 28,000       | $ 11,000       |
| All Other Fees     | $ -            | $ -            |
| Total Fees         | $ 86,000       | $ 66,000       |

We did not use Deloitte for financial information system design and implementation. These services, which include designing or implementing a system that aggregates source data underlying the financial statements and generates information that is significant to our financial statements, are provided internally or by other service providers. We did not engage Deloitte to provide compliance outsourcing services.

## Pre-approval Policies

Our Audit Committee is responsible for pre-approving all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee before the services were rendered.

The Board of Directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by Deloitte and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining Deloitte's independence.

## PART IV

## Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

## (1) Financial Statements.

The financial statements listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this report.

## (2) Financial Statement Schedules.

All financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included.