## PART III

## Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required by Item 401, Item 405, Item 406 and Item 407 (c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K regarding directors of Cincinnati Bell Inc. can be found in the Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

The Company's Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers that applies to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer is posted on the Company's website at http://www.cincinnatibell.com. Within the time period required by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"), the Company will post on its website any amendment to the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and any waiver of such code relating to such senior executive officers of the Company.

In addition to the certifications of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in May 2019, the Company's Chief Executive Officer submitted to the NYSE the certification regarding compliance with the NYSE's corporate governance listing standards required by Section 303 A.12 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual.

## Executive Officers of the Registrant:

The names, ages and positions of the executive officers of the Company as of February 24, 2020 are as follows:

Table of Contents

| Name                  |   Age | Title                                                                |
|-----------------------|-------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Leigh R Fox           |    47 | President and Chief Executive Officer                                |
| Andrew R Kaiser       |    51 | Chief Financial Officer                                              |
| Christi H. Cornette   |    64 | Chief Culture Officer                                                |
| Thomas E. Simpson     |    47 | Chief Operating Officer                                              |
| Christopher J. Wilson |    54 | Vice President and General Counsel                                   |
| Joshua T. Duckworth   |    41 | Vice President of Treasury, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations |
| Suzanne E. Maratta    |    37 | Vice President and Corporate Controller                              |

Officers are elected annually but are removable at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

LEIGH R. FOX, President and Chief Executive Officer since May 31, 2017; President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company from September 2016 to May 2017; Chief Financial Officer of the Company from October 2013 to September 2016; Chief Administrative Officer of the Company from July 2013 to October 2013; Senior Vice President of Finance and Operations from December 2012 to July 2013; Vice President of Finance at Cincinnati Bell Technology Solutions Inc. (CBTS) from October 2008 to December 2012.

ANDREW R. KAISER, Chief Financial Officer of the Company since September 2016; Vice President, Consumer Marketing and Data Analytics of the Company from December 2015 to September 2016; Vice President, Corporate Finance of the Company from January 2014 to December 2015; Partner at Howard Roark Consulting, LLC from 2005 to January 2014.

CHRISTI H. CORNETTE, Chief Culture Officer of the Company since June 2017; Senior Vice President, Marketing of the Company from August 2013 to June 2017; Vice President, Marketing of the Company from October 2008 to August 2013; Director of CBTS Marketing from October 2002 to October 2008.

THOMAS E. SIMPSON, Chief Operating Officer since June 2017, Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of the Company from January 2015 to June 2017; Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Cincinnati Bell Technology Solutions (CBTS) from 2014 to 2015; Vice President, Research and Development at CBTS from 2010 to 2014; Director, Technical Operations at CBTS from 2008 to 2010.

CHRISTOPHER J. WILSON, Vice President and General Counsel of the Company since August 2003.

JOSHUA T. DUCKWORTH, Vice President of Treasury, Corporate Finance and Inventor Relations since October 2017; Vice President, Investor Relations and Controller of the Company from July 2013 to October 2017; Assistant Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations for Cincinnati Bell Inc. from August 2012 to July 2013; Assistant Controller for Cincinnati Bell Inc. from August 2010 to August 2012; Deloitte & Touche LLP's audit practice from October 2004 to August 2010.

SUZANNE E MARATTA, Vice President and Corporate Controller of the Company since May 2019; Assistant Corporate Controller of the Company from August 2017 to May 2019; Senior Financial Reporting Manager of the Company from May 2014 to August 2017; Auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers from January 2007 to May 2014.