The ba l an ces of d efe rr e d co n t ra ct costs i n cl ud e d i n o ur co n soli da te d ba l an ce sheets w e r e a s follo w s:

| (dollars in millions)                   | A t Dece mb e r 3 1,  2019   | At Dece mb e r 3 1,  2018   |
|-----------------------------------------|------------------------------|-----------------------------|
| Ass et s                                |                              |                             |
| P r e pa i d  ex p e n ses  and  othe r | $2 , 5 78                    | $ 2,08 3                    |
| Othe r a ssets                          | 1,911                        | 1,812                       |
| Tot a l                                 | $ 4,489                      | $  3 ,89 5                  |

Fo r the y e ar s e nd e d Dece mb e r 3 1, 2019 and 2018, w e r eco gn i z e d ex p e n se of $2.7 b illio n and $2.0 b illio n , r es p ecti v el y , a ssoci a te d w ith the am o r ti za tio n of d efe rr e d co n t ra ct costs, pr i mar il y w ithi n Selli ng , g e n e ra l and adm i n ist ra ti v e ex p e n se i n o ur co n soli da te d st a te m e n ts of i n co m e.

W e a ssess o ur d efe rr e d co n t ra ct costs fo r i mpa i rm e n t o n a quar te r l y ba sis. W e r eco gn i z e an i mpa i rm e n t ch arg e to the exte n t the c arry i ng am o un t of a d efe rr e d cost excee d s the r e ma i n i ng am o un t of co n si d e ra tio n w e ex p ect to r ecei v e i n exch ang e fo r the g oo d s and se rv ices r el a te d to the cost, less the ex p ecte d costs r el a te d d i r ectl y to pr o v i d i ng those g oo d s and se rv ices th a t h av e n ot y et b ee n r eco gn i z e d a s ex p e n ses. The r e h av e b ee n n o i mpa i rm e n t ch arg es r eco gn i z e d fo r the y e ar s e nd e d Dece mb e r 3 1, 2019 and 2018.

## Note 3 . A cq u i s itio ns and Di v e s tit ur e s

## S p ect rum Lice ns e T ransa ctio ns

Si n ce 2017, w e h av e e n te r e d i n to o r co mp lete d se v e ra l st ra te g ic s p ect rum t ran s a ctio n s i n cl ud i ng :

- · D ur i ng the fo ur th quar te r of 2016, w e e n te r e d i n to a lice n se exch ang e agr ee m e n t w ith a ffili a tes of AT&T I n c. (AT&T) to exch ang e ce r t a i n A dvan ce d W i r eless Se rv ices (A W S) and Pe r so na l Co mmun ic a tio n Se rv ices (PCS) s p ect rum lice n ses. This n o n -c a sh exch ang e wa s co mp lete d i n Fe bruary 2017. As a r es u lt, w e r ecei v e d $1.0 b illio n of A W S and PCS s p ect rum lice n ses a t f a i r va l u e and r eco rd e d a pr e-t a x ga i n of $126 m illio n i n Selli ng , g e n e ra l and adm i n ist ra ti v e ex p e n se i n o ur co n soli da te d st a te m e n t of i n co m e fo r the y e ar e nd e d Dece mb e r 3 1, 2017.
- · D ur i ng the first quar te r of 2017, w e e n te r e d i n to a lice n se exch ang e agr ee m e n t w ith a ffili a tes of S pr i n t Co rp o ra tio n to exch ang e ce r t a i n PCS s p ect rum lice n ses. This n o n -c a sh exch ang e wa s co mp lete d i n May 2017. As a r es u lt, w e r ecei v e d $1 3 2 m illio n of PCS s p ect rum lice n ses a t f a i r va l u e and r eco rd e d an i n si gn ific an t ga i n i n Selli ng , g e n e ra l and adm i n ist ra ti v e ex p e n se i n o ur co n soli da te d st a te m e n t of i n co m e fo r the y e ar e nd e d Dece mb e r 3 1, 2017.
- · D ur i ng the thi rd quar te r of 2017, w e e n te r e d i n to a lice n se exch ang e agr ee m e n t w ith a ffili a tes of TM o b ile USA I n c. to exch ang e ce r t a i n A W S and PCS s p ect rum lice n ses. This n o n -c a sh exch ang e wa s co mp lete d i n Dece mb e r 2017. As a r es u lt, w e r ecei v e d $414 m illio n of A W S and PCS s p ect rum lice n ses a t f a i r va l u e and r eco rd e d a pr e-t a x ga i n of $14 3 m illio n i n Selli ng , g e n e ra l and adm i n ist ra ti v e ex p e n se i n o ur co n soli da te d st a te m e n t of i n co m e fo r the y e ar e nd e d Dece mb e r 3 1, 2017.
- · D ur i ng 2018, w e e n te r e d i n to and co mp lete d var io u s w i r eless lice n se t ran s a ctio n s, i n cl ud i ng the pur ch a se of St ra i g ht P a th Co mmun ic a tio n s I n c. (St ra i g ht P a th) and N extLi n k W i r eless LLC ( N extLi n k).
- · D ur i ng 2019, the FCC co mp lete d t w o m illi m ete r wav e s p ect rum lice n se au ctio n s. V e r i z o n par tici pa te d i n these au ctio n s and wa s the hi g h b i dd e r o n 9 and 1,066 lice n ses, r es p ecti v el y , i n the 24 G i ga he r t z ( G H z ) and 28 G H z band s. W e s ubm itte d an app lic a tio n to the FCC and pa i d c a sh of appr oxi ma tel y $ 5 21 m illio n fo r the lice n ses. W e r ecei v e d the lice n ses dur i ng the fo ur th quar te r of 2019.
- · D ur i ng 2019, w e e n te r e d i n to and co mp lete d var io u s othe r w i r eless lice n se a c qu isitio n s fo r an i n si gn ific an t am o un t of c a sh co n si d e ra tio n .

I n Dece mb e r 2019, the FCC i n ce n ti v e au ctio n fo r s p ect rum lice n ses i n the upp e r 3 7 G H z , 3 9 G H z , and 47 G H z band s co mm e n ce d . As an i n c umb e n t lice n see, V e r i z o n r ecei v e d v o u che r s r el a te d to o ur existi ng 3 9 G H z lice n ses. These v o u che r s c an b e co nv e r te d i n to c a sh, the am o un t of w hich w ill n ot b e k n o wn un til the co n cl u sio n of the au ctio n , o r app lie d to ward the pur ch a se pr ice of s p ect rum i n the au ctio n . At the co n cl u sio n of the au ctio n , a ll existi ng lice n ses w ill b e c an celle d and n e w r eco nfigur e d lice n ses o r c a sh w ill b e d ist r i bu te d d e p e nd i ng o n the r es u lts of the au ctio n . D u e to the FCC's ru les r est r icti ng co mmun ic a tio n s r e gard i ng the au ctio n , w e w ill n ot d isclose o ur fi nan ci a l p l an s fo r the au ctio n dur i ng the qu iet p e r io d fo r this au ctio n un less le ga ll y r e qu i r e d . I n add itio n , a s of this ti m e, un til the co mp letio n of the au ctio n pr ocess, w e c ann ot d ete rm i n e the r es u lti ng fi nan ci a l o u tco m e, i n cl ud i ng a p ote n ti a l ga i n o r loss. S u ch ga i n o r loss, if any , may b e ma te r i a l.

## A cq u i s itio n of A OL I n c.

I n May 201 5 , w e e n te r e d i n to an A gr ee m e n t and Pl an of M e rg e r w ith AOL I n c. (AOL) pur s uan t to w hich w e co mm e n ce d a te nd e r offe r to a c qu i r e a ll of the o u tst and i ng sh ar es of co mm o n stock of AOL a t a pr ice of $ 5 0.00 p e r sh ar e, n et to the selle r i n c a sh, w itho u t i n te r est and less any app lic ab le w ithhol d i ng t a xes.

O n J un e 2 3 , 201 5 , w e co mp lete d the te nd e r offe r and m e rg e r , and AOL b ec am e a w holl y -o wn e d s ub si d i ary of V e r i z o n . The aggr e ga te c a sh co n si d e ra tio n pa i d by V e r i z o n a t the closi ng of these t ran s a ctio n s wa s appr oxi ma tel y $ 3 .8 b illio n . Hol d e r s of