## Item 16A. Audit Committee Financial Expert

Our Supervisory Board has concluded that Martine Verluyten, the Chair of our Audit Committee, qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in Item 16A and is independent as defined in the listing standards applicable to us as a listed issuer as required by Item 16A(2) of Form 20-F.

## Item 16B. Code of Ethics

We have adopted written standards of business conduct and ethics ("Code of Conduct") designed to promote honest and ethical business conduct, to deter wrongdoing and to provide principles to which our employees are expected to adhere and advocate. Our Code of Conduct is applicable to all of our employees and senior managers. We believe our Code of Conduct is effective in its mission and we believe our employees are in compliance with the Code of Conduct. We have adapted and will amend our Code of Conduct as appropriate to reflect regulatory or other changes. Our Code of Conduct provides that if any employee or senior manager to whom it applies acts in contravention of the principles set forth therein, we will take appropriate steps in terms of the procedures in place for fair disciplinary action. This action may, in cases of severe breaches, include dismissal. Our Code of Conduct is available on our website in the Corporate Governance section, at http://investors.st.com.

## Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Our independent external auditors are elected at the AGM. At our AGM held in May 2015, Ernst & Young was appointed as our independent external auditor for the 2016-2019 fiscal years. The following table presents the aggregate fees for professional audit services and other services rendered to us by Ernst & Young in 2019 and 2018.

Table of Contents

|                                                                                            | 2019      | Percentage of Total Fees   | 2018      | Percentage of Total Fees   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|----------------------------|-----------|----------------------------|
| Audit Fees                                                                                 |           |                            |           |                            |
| Statutory Audit, Certification, Audit of Individual  and Consolidated Financial Statements | 4,105,000 | 95.2 %                     | 4,556,500 | 96.3 %                     |
| Audit-Related Fees                                                                         | 209,005   | 4.8 %                      | 173,934   | 3.7 %                      |
| Non-audit Fees                                                                             |           |                            |           |                            |
| Tax Fees                                                                                   | -         | -                          | -         | -                          |
| All Other Fees                                                                             | -         | -                          | -         | -                          |
| Total                                                                                      | 4,314,005 | 100.0 %                    | 4,730,434 | 100 %                      |

Audit Fees consist of fees billed for the annual audit of our Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, the statutory audit of the financial statements of the Company's subsidiaries and consultations on complex accounting issues relating to the annual audit. Audit Fees also include services that only our independent external auditor can reasonably provide, such as comfort letters and carve-out audits in connection with strategic transactions.

Audit-related services are assurance and related fees consisting of the audit of employee benefit plans, due diligence services related to acquisitions and certain agreed-upon procedures.

Tax Fees include fees billed for tax compliance services, including the preparation of original and amended tax returns and claims for refund; tax consultations, such as assistance in connection with tax audits and expatriate tax compliance.

## Audit Committee Pre-approval Policies and Procedures

Our Audit Committee is responsible for selecting the independent registered public accounting firm to be employed by us to audit our financial statements, subject to ratification by the Supervisory Board and approval by our shareholders for appointment. Our Audit Committee also assumes responsibility (in accordance with Dutch law) for the retention, compensation, oversight and termination of any independent external auditor employed by us. We adopted a policy (the "Policy"), which was approved in advance by our Audit Committee, for the pre-approval of audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent external auditors. The Policy defines those audit-related services eligible to be approved by our Audit Committee.