## CARPENTER TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Each customer purchase order or contract sets forth the transaction price for the products and services purchased under that arrangement. Some customer arrangements include variable consideration, such as volume rebates, which generally depend upon the Company's customers meeting specified performance criteria, such as a purchasing level over a period of time. The Company exercises judgment to estimate the most likely amount of variable consideration at each reporting date.

Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for its product. The normal payment terms are 30 days. The Company has elected to use the practical expedient that permits a Company to not adjust for the effects of a significant financing component if it expects that at the contract inception, the period between when the Company transfers a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less.

Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling activities to fulfill the Company's promise to transfer the goods are included in revenues and costs incurred by the Company for the delivery of goods are classified as cost of sales in the consolidated statements of income. Shipping terms may vary for products shipped outside the United States depending on the mode of transportation, the country where the material is shipped and any agreements made with the customers.

Contract liabilities are recognized when the Company has received consideration from a customer to transfer goods or services at a future point in time when the Company performs under the purchase order or contract. Contract liabilities were $10.5 million and $10.4 million at June 30, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and are included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.

The Company elected the practical expedient that permits the omission of disclosure for remaining performance obligations which are expected to be satisfied in one year or less.

## Disaggregation of Revenue

The Company operates in two business segments, Specialty Alloys Operations ("SAO") and Performance Engineered Products ("PEP"). Revenue is disaggregated within these two business segments by diversified end-use markets and by geographical location. Comparative information of the Company's overall revenues by end-use markets and geography for years ended June 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:

| End-Use Market Data ($ in millions)   | Year Ended June 30, 2019   | Year Ended June 30, 2018   | Year Ended June 30, 2017   |
|---------------------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|
| Aerospace and Defense                 | $ 1,327.9                  | $ 1,182.3                  | $ 973.3                    |
| Medical                               | 205.0                      | 175.3                      | 125.5                      |
| Energy                                | 181.7                      | 146.5                      | 138.0                      |
| Transportation                        | 157.7                      | 157.0                      | 143.9                      |
| Industrial and Consumer               | 371.5                      | 364.9                      | 298.2                      |
| Distribution                          | 136.4                      | 131.7                      | 118.7                      |
| Total net sales                       | $ 2,380.2                  | $ 2,157.7                  | $ 1,797.6                  |