## ITEM NO. 2 - RATIFICATION OF KPMG A S OUR 2020 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

<!-- image -->

## THE BOARD UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THIS PROPOSAL

The A u dit Committee of the Board has appointed KPMG LLP as o u r independent a u ditor for the fiscal y ear ending December 31, 2020, and we are s u bmitting that appointment to o u r shareholders for ratification on an advisor y basis at the meeting. Altho u gh shareholder ratification of KPMG's appointment is not legall y req u ired, we are s u bmitting this matter to the shareholders, as in the past, as a matter of good corporate practice. In determining whether to reappoint KPMG as o u r independent a u ditor, the A u dit Committee considered a n u mber of factors, incl u ding, among others, the firm's q u alifications, ind u str y expertise, prior performance, control proced u res, proposed staffing and the reasonableness of its fees on an absol u te basis and as compared with fees paid b y comparable companies.

If the shareholders fail to vote on an advisor y basis in favor of the appointment, the A u dit Committee will reconsider whether to retain KPMG, and ma y appoint that firm or another witho u tres u bmitting the matter to the shareholders. Even if the shareholders ratif y the appointment, the A u dit Committee ma y , in its discretion, select a different independent a u ditor at an y time d u ring the y ear if it determines that s u ch a change wo u ld be in the Compan y 's best interests.

In connection with the a u dit of the 2019 financial statements, we entered into an engagement letter with KPMG which sets forth the terms b y which KPMG will provide a u dit services to u s. An y f u t u re disp u tes between KPMG and u s u nder that letter will be s u bject to certain specified alternative disp u te resol u tion proced u res, none of which are intended to restrict the remedies that o u r shareholders might independentl y p u rs u e against KPMG.

The following table lists the aggregate fees and costs billed to u sb y KPMG and its affiliates for the 2018 and 2019 services identified below:

|                          | Amount Billed   | Amount Billed   |
|--------------------------|-----------------|-----------------|
|                          | 2018            | 2019            |
| A u dit Fees (1)         | $16,014,014     | $17,639,702     |
| A u dit-Related Fees (2) | 106,528         | 153,203         |
| Tax Fees (3)             | 1,318,798       | 119,098         |
| Other                    | -               | -               |
| Total Fees               | $17,439,340     | $17,912,003     |

The A u dit Committee maintains written proced u res that req u ire it to ann u all y review and pre-approve the scope of all services to be performed b y o u r independent a u ditor. This review incl u des an eval u ation of whether the provision of non-a u dit services b y o u r independent a u ditor is compatible with maintaining the a u ditor's

|

<!-- image -->