<!-- image -->

We measure and report our annual scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions. As part of our commitment to reduce our Greenhouse Gas ('GHG') emissions, we moved to a certified green tariff renewable electricity supply contract for our UK operations from the beginning of the financial year.

The GHG emissions summary below shows our gross emissions including location-based scope 2 emissions, as well as our net emissions accounting for the market-based scope 2 reporting for our certified green electricity tariff.

The reduction in emissions is driven by continued progress in energy efficiency, a reduction in emissions associated with refrigerants as we continue to move away from fluorinated gas refrigerants, and the general reduction in UK grid carbon factor as more renewables make up a greater proportion of the fuel mix.

Over the last six years, we have made good progress in our water consumption per tonne of product, reducing it by 15% over the period. There was also a significant improvement in FY19, and one of the contributing factors to the improvement was the closure of the Evercreech desserts facility which had a higher water intensity than most sites within the business.

## Water consumption per tonne of product - UK manufacturing (m 3 per tonne)

<!-- image -->

## Primary energy consumption per tonne of product - UK manufacturing (kWh$\_{p}$ per tonne)

<!-- image -->

| Emissions are summarised below, all reported as CO$\_{2}$ equivalent ('CO$\_{2}$e')   | Emissions reported in tonnes CO$\_{2}$e*   | Emissions reported in tonnes CO$\_{2}$e*   | Emissions reported in tonnes CO$\_{2}$e*   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Emissions from:                                                                     | FY19**                                    | FY18**                                    | FY18***                                   |
| Combustion of fuel and operation of facilities (Scope 1)                            | 59,495                                    | 66,336                                    | 75,600                                    |
| Electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased for own use (Scope 2)                | 27,633                                    | 32,389                                    | 67,754                                    |
| Total gross emissions (Scope 1 and 2)                                               | 87,128                                    | 98,725                                    | 143,354                                   |
| Green tariff                                                                        | -27,603                                   | 0                                         | 0                                         |
| Total net emissions (Scope 1 and 2)                                                 | 59,525                                    | 98,725                                    | 143,354                                   |
| Ratio (KgCO$\_{2}$e per £1 sales revenue)                                            | 0.060                                     | 0.066                                     | 0.056                                     |

- * Our GHG emissions have been calculated using the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, and emissions factors from DEFRA's UK government GHG conversion factors for company reporting (where factors have not been provided directly by a supplier).
- ** UK & Ireland only - comparable with FY19 Group structure.
- *** Full Group including US business.

## Reducing packaging and plastics

Packaging and plastic have played a vital role in safe food storage and distribution for decades, but now our approach to their use is changing. We work with our customers to look for the best packaging solutions for all our products, that take into account the environmental impact, while keeping our food fresher for longer. We are committed to working with our customers to reducing our use of single-use plastics and partnering with suppliers to find effective alternatives.

We support the UK Plastics Pact and are committed to meeting its 2025 targets. We will monitor and reduce the amount of plastics used to transport and consume our products, and we aim to develop a circular system whereby plastic is used less and kept out of the environment. Throughout FY19, we have engaged with all key customers and have plans to remove remaining 'hard to recycle' packaging as soon as possible.

In FY19, we saved 18.7 tonnes of plastic by replacing the black plastic trays in a ready meal range with foil. Activities targeting relatively small pieces of plastic such as 'windows' on quiche boxes have also led to significant reductions in plastic use.

We have recycled 758 tonnes of plastic from our manufacturing and distribution activities in FY19 and have identified opportunities for further improvements in the future.