## Additional Information

The following table presents sales information by geographic area for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017:

| (In thousands)      | 2019     | 2018     | 2017     |
|---------------------|----------|----------|----------|
| United States       | $300,853 | $288,843 | $508,178 |
| Mexico              | 90,795   | 12,186   | 2,246    |
| Germany             | 78,062   | 167,251  | 119,502  |
| Other international | 60,351   | 60,997   | 36,974   |
| Total               | $530,061 | $529,277 | $666,900 |

Customers comprising more than 10% of revenue can change from year to year. Single customers comprising more than 10% of our revenue in 2019 included three customers at 19%, 17% and 13%. Single customers comprising more than 10% of our revenue in 2018 included two customers at 27% and 17%. Single customers comprising more than 10% of our revenue in 2017 included two customers at 40% and 16%. Other than those with more than 10% of revenues disclosed above, and excluding distributors, our next five largest customers can change, and has historically changed, from year-to-year. These combined customers represented 15%, 18% and 15% of total revenue in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

As of December 31, 2019, property, plant and equipment, net totaled $73.7 million, which included $69.9 million held in the U.S. and $3.9 million held outside the U.S. As of December 31, 2018, property, plant and equipment, net totaled $80.6 million, which included $77.3 million held in the U.S. and $3.3 million held outside the U.S. Property, plant and equipment, net is reported on a company-wide, functional basis only.

## Note 16 - Commitments and Contingencies

## Securities Class Action Lawsuit

On October 17, 2019, a purported stockholder class action lawsuit, captioned Burbridge v. ADTRAN, Inc. et al., Docket No. 19-cv-09619, was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company, two of its current executive officers and one of its former executive officers. The complaint alleges violations of federal securities laws and seeks unspecified compensatory damages on behalf of purported purchasers of ADTRAN securities between February 28, 2019 and October 9, 2019. The lawsuit claims that the defendants made materially false and misleading statements regarding, and/or failed to disclose material adverse facts about, the Company's business, operations and prospects, specifically relating to the Company's internal control over financial reporting, excess and obsolete inventory reserves, financial results and shipments to a Latin American customer. Investors in ADTRAN securities had until December 16, 2019 to move the court to serve as lead plaintiff in this action.

On December 16, 2019, two purported investors in ADTRAN securities filed motions seeking to be appointed lead plaintiff in the case. On January 6, 2020, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York granted Defendants' unopposed request to transfer the case to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama, where the case is now pending as Burbridge v. ADTRAN, Inc. et al., Docket No. 5:20-cv-00050-LCB. On January 27, 2020, the two prospective lead plaintiff movants filed a stipulation among plaintiffs seeking to be appointed as co-lead plaintiffs in the case.

We disagree with the claims made in the complaint and intend to vigorously defend against this lawsuit. At this time, we are unable to predict the outcome of or estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any, associated with this lawsuit.