The Company's software license arrangements with its customers often include multiple promises to transfer licensed software products and services. Determining whether the products and/or services are distinct performance obligations that should be

accounted for separately may require significant judgment.

The Company's SaaS and PaaS arrangements may include variable consideration in the form of usage-based fees. If the arrangement that includes variable consideration in the form of usage-based fees does not meet the allocation exception for variable consideration, the Company estimates the amount of variable consideration at the outset of the arrangement using either the expected value or most likely amount method, depending on the specifics of each arrangement. These estimates are constrained to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of incremental revenue will not occur and are updated each reporting period

as additional information becomes available.

Judgment is used in determining: (1) whether the financing component in a software license agreement is significant and, if so, (2) the discount rate used in calculating the significant financing component. The Company assesses the significance of the financing component based on the ratio of license fees paid over time to total license fees. If determined to be significant, the financing component is calculated using a rate that discounts the license fees to the cash selling price.

Judgment is also used in assessing whether the extension of payment terms in a software license arrangement results in variable consideration and, if so, the amount to be included in the transaction price. The Company applies the portfolio approach to estimating the amount of variable consideration in these arrangements using the most likely amount method that is based on the Company's historical collection experience under similar arrangements.

Significant judgment is required to determine the SSP for each performance obligation, the amount allocated to each performance obligation and whether it depicts the amount that the Company expects to receive in exchange for the related product and/or service. As the selling prices of the Company's software licenses are highly variable, the Company estimates SSP of its software licenses using the residual approach when the software license is sold with other services and observable SSPs exist for the other services. The Company uses a range of amounts to estimate SSP for maintenance and services. These ranges are based on stand-alone sales and vary based on the type of service and geographic region. If the SSP of a performance obligation is not directly observable, the Company will maximize observable inputs to determine its SSP.

## Contract Balances

Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. The Company records an accrued receivable when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing and the Company's right to consideration only requires the passage of time, or deferred revenue when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing.

Total receivables represent amounts billed and amounts earned that are to be billed in the future (i.e., accrued receivables). Included in accrued receivables are services and SaaS and PaaS revenues earned in the current period but billed in the following period and amounts due under multi-year software license arrangements with extended payment terms for which the Company has an unconditional right to invoice and receive payment subsequent to invoicing.

Total receivables, net is comprised of the following (in thousands):

|                                               | December 31,  2018   | December 31,  2018   |
|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------|----------------------|
| Billed receivables                            | 2019  213,654        | 239,275              |
| Allowance for doubtful accounts               | $ (5,149)            | (3,912)              |
| Billed receivables, net                       | 208,505              | 235,363              |
| Accrued receivables                           | 399,302              | 336,858              |
| Significant financing component               | (35,569  )           | (35,029  )           |
| Total accrued receivables, net                | 363,733              | 301,829              |
| Less: current accrued receivables             | 161,714              | 123,053              |
| Less: current significant financing component | (11,022)             | (10,234)             |
| Total long-term accrued receivables, net      | 213,041              | 189,010              |
| Total receivables, net                        | 572,238 $            | 537,192              |

No customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company's consolidated receivables balance as of December 31, 2019 and 2018.

63