The fair value measurements related to the Company's non-financial assets, such as intangible assets, assets held for sale and property, plant and equipment are based on available market prices at the measurement date based on transactions of similar assets and third-party independent appraisals, less costs to sell where appropriate. The Company classifies these measurements as Level 2.

## Note 7. Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value because their maturity is less than three months. Management believes the carrying amount of the equity and cost-method investments materially approximated fair value at March 31, 2019 based upon unobservable inputs. The fair values of these investments have been determined as Level 3 fair value measurements. The fair values of the Company's line of credit borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the Company's current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements and approximate carrying value excluding debt issuance costs. Based on the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for bank loans with similar terms and average maturities, the fair value of the Company's line of credit borrowings at March 31, 2019 approximated the carrying value and are considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy described in Note 6. The carrying amount of accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximates fair value due to the short-term maturity of the amounts and are considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy .

## Fair Value of Subordinated Convertible Debt, Senior Secured Notes, and Term Loan Facility

The Company measures the fair value of its senior and junior subordinated convertible debt and senior secured notes for disclosure purposes. These fair values are based on observable market prices for this debt, which is traded in less active markets and are therefore classified as a Level 2 fair value measurement.

The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair values of the Company's senior and junior subordinated convertible debt, senior secured notes, and term loan facility as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 (in millions).

Table of Contents

|                              | March 31,       | March 31,   | March 31,       | March 31,   |
|------------------------------|-----------------|-------------|-----------------|-------------|
|                              | 2019            | 2019        | 2018            | 2018        |
|                              | Carrying Amount | Fair Value  | Carrying Amount | Fair Value  |
| 2023 Senior Secured Notes    | $ 985.4         | $ 1,020.1   | N/A             | N/A         |
| 2021 Senior Secured Notes    | $ 987.4         | $ 1,008.1   | N/A             | N/A         |
| Term Loan Facility           | $ 1,892.1       | $ 1,911.5   | N/A             | N/A         |
| 2017 Senior Convertible Debt | $ 1,493.6       | $ 2,285.4   | $ 1,437.6       | $ 2,459.2   |
| 2015 Senior Convertible Debt | $ 1,360.8       | $ 2,810.6   | $ 1,309.9       | $ 3,079.1   |
| 2017 Junior Convertible Debt | $ 335.9         | $ 740.8     | $ 326.7         | $ 876.9     |

## Note 8. Other Financial Statement Details

## Accounts Receivable

Accounts receivable consists of the following (in millions):

|                                      | March 31,   | March 31,   |
|--------------------------------------|-------------|-------------|
|                                      | 2019        | 2018        |
| Trade accounts receivable            | $ 875.8     | $ 557.8     |
| Other                                | 6.8         | 8.1         |
| Total accounts receivable, gross     | 882.6       | 565.9       |
| Less allowance for doubtful accounts | 2.0         | 2.2         |
| Total accounts receivable, net       | $ 880.6     | $ 563.7     |